Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to
create this nice tunnel for aircrafts.
Okay, as you can see there is many
aircraft
in this tunnel. Okay, about this it's
good.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first, open the
editorial and create a new project.
After that, go here to file, create new
level, set basic level, hit create.
Okay, after creating this level, delete
this floor, and let's go right here,
save current level, save.
After that, let's go right here to
modeling tool
grid cube grid and let's create uh
a grid motor
like this and press E to extrude it.
Okay, hit accept.
After creating this agree,
we have to create our tunnel for
aircrafts.
Okay. To do that,
uh let's go right here. Set cylinder.
I want to make it like this. For the
radius, you want to make it bigger as
possible.
Okay. Slice make glass.
We've location
centered. Fine.
Uh now we have to assign a material for
our
cylinder.
Okay. Let's set a material.
To do that we have to go ahead to Fab
and search for M.
material texture and set any material
here as you want.
Okay, let's just create wall.
Let's select this since personal is not
free. Okay, I want free material. So, we
have to go here filter price. So, only
free product this after that. Let's go
here to this chapter.
Choose any quality. Add to my project.
Uh, okay. Fine. For the flu, I want to
choose another material.
material.
Okay, this uh undisturb
control wall. Okay.
Materials. I will click right here to
see the components of our material. And
let's go here to the tiling.
Okay.
Okay. This one is good. X offset
one. Wipe off scent.
Okay. This color this is good.
Make
two with this value
after the normal.
Let's set my normal map like this. And
displacement we can import to
displacement map for you. I want no uh
import displacement. Set save. Close
this
and click here and go to this air
to apply for material.
Now as you can see my material is
applied successfully.
Uh okay.
Hit accept
and let's go
here.
Press R
to make it bigger.
Now let's go right here.
And once it's selected, go here to model
play
flip plane
and except after flipping this plane.
I want to make it bigger as
let's fix this error later.
There is always with material.
Okay.
I want one side only.
Okay. Fine.
Let's control and select both of them
and go here to aud
B to A.
It's accept
now.
And then let's select this uh
volume material all of those material
and go here.
Where is material? Okay. This one
surfaces and distress quantity.
Okay. And drag this one right here.
After dragging this one, let's get off
the tiding
and let's see
the changes of the material.
Okay, there is problem with this
material.
Okay, now let's go right here
and add my aircraft.
Okay, you can download the aircraft from
the link on the description. Go here to
content.
Create new folders
of
open
and select both of them
and then load my aircraft all.
Okay. Let's see the size of our
aircraft.
Okay.
Okay. I think the size is equipped. Now
let's
this let's fix the problem of this
material.
Okay. Now let's uh fix our material
problems. Okay. To fix this uh this
problem of the UVs, it's looks worse.
Okay. How to fix that? We have to go
here to project UVs. After projecting
this UVs, we have to go here and return
to my tab. We got services.
Okay. This uh the not this one
and change the normal
look.
Okay,
now I think it's fix it correctly. Now
it looks uh good. Now let's add another
planes.
Okay, fix the size of this
aircraft
less model.
W.
Press Alt and drag this one.
Let's move both of them to selected and
I'll go right here.
Okay.
Select both of them.
Make like this object. In this tunnel
there is two aircrafts. Let's make many
many aircraft as possible.
Now press control send this control
to others
and do other aircrafts.
Okay, I think it's good right now. Uh
this is my aircraft tunnels. Okay, now
let's set up the lighting.
Okay,
let's go right here. Basic
point light.
Want to make better quality as possible.
This first point
I think my aircraft is
second one
and third point.
Okay, let's add the start right here and
let's see.
There is problem of condition. Let's fix
it.
Select this boolean and go right here.
Uh in this boolean
one can create
complexity use complex simple.
Okay.
Okay, fine. The problem is fix it.
Okay,
this is my aircraft.
Okay, let's fix this.
Where is he?
Uh, okay. I think it's fine. Okay. Thank
you guys for watching me. This is all
for this uh tutorial. See you later on
next tutorial. I want to animate those
air clocks in the next tutorial.